Implement `!terraform.state` Atmos YAML function (#1363)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/stacks/yaml-functions/yaml-functions.mdx

## Use-cases

 - The [__`!terraform.output`__](/core-concepts/stacks/yaml-functions/terraform.output) YAML function allows you to
   [access component outputs (remote state) directly within Atmos stack manifests](/core-concepts/share-data/remote-state).
   Note that this requires initializing each component (`terraform/tofu init`), which initializes all Terraform/OpenTofu

>    modules and downloads all Terraform/OpenTofu providers, which may significantly impact performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   modules and downloads all Terraform/OpenTofu providers, which may significantly impact performance. Consider using `!store` or `!terraform.state` functions instead, which don't have this performance penalty.
```

>  - The [__`!terraform.state`__](/core-concepts/stacks/yaml-functions/terraform.state) YAML function allows reading the
>    outputs ([remote state](/core-concepts/share-data/remote-state)) of components in Atmos stack manifests directly
>    from the configured [Terraform/OpenTofu backends](/core-concepts/components/terraform/backends).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The [`!terraform.state`](/core-concepts/stacks/yaml-functions/terraform.state) YAML function reads outputs **directly from the configured Terraform or OpenTofu backend**, without initializing providers or running Terraform — it's **very fast** and currently supports [S3 and local backends](/core-concepts/components/terraform/backends) for accessing [remote state](/core-concepts/share-data/remote-state).
```
